---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_eks_runner Data Source - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kubernetes EKS Runner data source
---

# platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_eks_runner (Data Source)

Kubernetes EKS Runner data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_eks_runner" "kubernetes_eks_runner" {
  id = "my-kubernetes-eks-runner"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Kubernetes EKS Runner ID

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the Kubernetes EKS Runner.
- `runner_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration of the Kubernetes EKS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration))
- `state_storage_configuration` (Attributes) The state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (Attributes) The cluster configuration for the Kubernetes EKS Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster))
- `job` (Attributes) The job configuration for the Kubernetes EKS Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--job))

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.cluster`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration to obtain temporary AWS security credentials by assuming an IAM role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster--auth))
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes EKS cluster.
- `region` (String) The AWS region where the EKS cluster is located.

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.cluster.auth`

Read-Only:

- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume.
- `session_name` (String) Session name to be used when assuming the role. If not provided, a default session name will be "{org_id}-{runner_id}"
- `sts_region` (String) The AWS region identifier for the Security Token Service (STS) endpoint. If not provided, the cluster region will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--job"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.job`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace for the Kubernetes EKS Runner job.
- `pod_template` (String) JSON encoded pod template for the Kubernetes EKS Runner job.
- `service_account` (String) The service account for the Kubernetes EKS Runner job.



<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration`

Optional:

- `azurerm_configuration` (Attributes) The AzureRM state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--azurerm_configuration))
- `gcs_configuration` (Attributes) The GCS state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--gcs_configuration))
- `kubernetes_configuration` (Attributes) The Kubernetes state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--kubernetes_configuration))
- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) The S3 state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--s3_configuration))

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of state storage configuration for the Runner

<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--azurerm_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.azurerm_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `container_name` (String) Name of the Azure Storage Container.
- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this
- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure Resource Group.
- `storage_account_name` (String) Name of the Azure Storage Account.


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--gcs_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.gcs_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the GCS Bucket
- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--kubernetes_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.kubernetes_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace for the Kubernetes state storage configuration


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the S3 Bucket
- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this
