---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_module Data Source - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Module data source
---

# platform-orchestrator_module (Data Source)

Module data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "platform-orchestrator_module" "my_s3" {
  id = "aws-s3"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for a module

### Read-Only

- `coprovisioned` (Attributes List) A set of resources to provision after or in parallel with the resource of the current module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coprovisioned))
- `dependencies` (Attributes Map) A mapping of alias to resource dependencies that must be provisioned with this module (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `description` (String) An optional text description for this module
- `module_inputs` (String) The JSON encoded string which represents the inputs to the module. These may contain expressions referencing the modules context.
- `module_params` (Attributes Map) A mapping of module parameters available when provisioning using this module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--module_params))
- `module_source` (String) The source of the OpenTofu module backing this module
- `module_source_code` (String) The source code of the OpenTofu module backing this module
- `provider_mapping` (Map of String) A mapping of module providers to use when provisioning using this module.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type that this module provisions

<a id="nestedatt--coprovisioned"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coprovisioned`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String) A resource class requested by the resource graph. 'default' is the default value.
- `copy_dependents_from_current` (Boolean) If true, all resources that depend on the current resource will also depend on (be provisioned after) this coprovisioned resource.
- `id` (String) A specific resource id requested by the resource graph
- `is_dependent_on_current` (Boolean) If true, this coprovisioned resource will have a dependency on the current resource so that the current
resource must be successfully provisioned before the coprovisioned one is.
- `params` (String) A JSON encoded string representing the parameters to pass for provisioning.
- `type` (String) The resource type to provision


<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String) A resource class requested by the resource graph. 'default' is the default value.
- `id` (String) A specific resource id requested by the resource graph
- `params` (String) A JSON encoded string representing the parameters to pass for provisioning.
- `type` (String) The resource type to provision


<a id="nestedatt--module_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `module_params`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) An optional text description for this module parameter
- `is_optional` (Boolean) If true, this module parameter is optional
- `type` (String) The type of the module parameter. string, number, bool, map, list, or any
