---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_deployment Resource - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Deployment resource
---

# platform-orchestrator_deployment (Resource)

Deployment resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform-orchestrator_deployment" "main" {
  project_id = "my-project"
  env_id     = "development"
  mode       = "deploy"
  manifest = jsonencode({
    workloads = {}
    shared    = {}
  })
  wait_for = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_id` (String) The environment ID to deploy.
- `manifest` (String) The YAML/JSON encoded manifest to deploy.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID to deploy.

### Optional

- `mode` (String) The mode of the deployment. 'deploy' (the default) or 'plan_only'.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the deployment to complete. Defaults to true. If false, the output will be empty.

### Read-Only

- `completed_at` (String) The date and time when the deployment was completed.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the deployment was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Deployment.
- `outputs` (String, Sensitive) The JSON encoded outputs of the deployment.
- `runner_id` (String) The ID of the runner used in this deployment.
- `status` (String) The status of the deployment (succeeded, failed).
- `status_message` (String) An optional message associated with the status.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
