---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_environment Resource - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Environment resource
---

# platform-orchestrator_environment (Resource)

Environment resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform-orchestrator_environment" "example" {
  id           = "my-environment"
  project_id   = "my-project"
  env_type_id  = "development"
  display_name = "My Development Environment"
  delete_rules = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_type_id` (String) The environment type for the environment. This environment type must exist in the organization.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the Environment.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this environment belongs to.

### Optional

- `delete_rules` (Boolean) Delete also module and runner rules associated with the environment while deleting the environment.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the Environment.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) When set to true, the environment will be deleted without a destroy deployment.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the environment was created.
- `runner_id` (String) The ID of the runner to be used to deploy this environment.
- `status` (String) The status of the environment (active, deleting, delete_failed).
- `status_message` (String) An optional message associated with the status.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the environment was updated.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the Environment.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import platform-orchestrator_environment.environment "my-project/my-environment"
```
