---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_gke_runner Resource - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kubernetes GKE Runner resource
---

# platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_gke_runner (Resource)

Kubernetes GKE Runner resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_gke_runner" "my_runner" {
  id          = "my-runner"
  description = "runner for all the envs"
  runner_configuration = {
    cluster = {
      name        = "my-cluster"
      project_id  = "my-gcp-project"
      location    = "europe-west3"
      internal_ip = false
      auth = {
        gcp_audience        = "//iam.googleapis.com/projects/123456789/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/platform-orchestrator-runner-pool/providers/platform-orchestrator-runner"
        gcp_service_account = "platform-orchestrator-runner@my-account.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
      }
    }
    job = {
      namespace       = "default"
      service_account = "platform-orchestrator-runner"
      pod_template = jsonencode({
        metadata = {
          labels = {
            "app.kubernetes.io/name" = "platform-orchestrator-runner"
          }
        }
      })
    }
  }
  state_storage_configuration = {
    type = "kubernetes"
    kubernetes_configuration = {
      namespace = "platform-orchestrator"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the Kubernetes GKE Runner.
- `runner_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration of the Kubernetes GKE cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration))
- `state_storage_configuration` (Attributes) The state storage configuration for the Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Kubernetes GKE Runner.

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration`

Required:

- `cluster` (Attributes) The cluster configuration for the Kubernetes GKE Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster))
- `job` (Attributes) The job configuration for the Kubernetes GKE Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--job))

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.cluster`

Required:

- `auth` (Attributes, Sensitive) The authentication configuration for the Kubernetes GKE cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster--auth))
- `location` (String) The location of the GKE cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes GKE cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID where the GKE cluster is located.

Optional:

- `internal_ip` (Boolean) Whether to use internal IP for the Kubernetes GKE cluster.
- `proxy_url` (String) The proxy URL for the Kubernetes GKE cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--cluster--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.cluster.auth`

Required:

- `gcp_audience` (String) The GCP audience to authenticate to the GKE cluster.
- `gcp_service_account` (String) The GCP service account to authenticate to the GKE cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--runner_configuration--job"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runner_configuration.job`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace for the Kubernetes GKE Runner job.
- `service_account` (String) The service account for the Kubernetes GKE Runner job.

Optional:

- `pod_template` (String) JSON encoded pod template for the Kubernetes GKE Runner job.



<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of state storage configuration for the Runner.

Optional:

- `azurerm_configuration` (Attributes) The AzureRM state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--azurerm_configuration))
- `gcs_configuration` (Attributes) The GCS state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--gcs_configuration))
- `kubernetes_configuration` (Attributes) The Kubernetes state storage configuration for the Runner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--kubernetes_configuration))
- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) The S3 state storage configuration for the Runner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--azurerm_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.azurerm_configuration`

Required:

- `container_name` (String) Name of the Azure Storage Container.
- `storage_account_name` (String) Name of the Azure Storage Account.

Optional:

- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this
- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure Resource Group.


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--gcs_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.gcs_configuration`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the GCS Bucket

Optional:

- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--kubernetes_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.kubernetes_configuration`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace for the Kubernetes state storage configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--state_storage_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_storage_configuration.s3_configuration`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the S3 Bucket

Optional:

- `path_prefix` (String) A prefix path for the state file. The environment uuid will be used as a unique key within this

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import platform-orchestrator_kubernetes_gke_runner.id "test"
```
