---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform-orchestrator_module Resource - platform-orchestrator"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Module resource
---

# platform-orchestrator_module (Resource)

Module resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform-orchestrator_module" "minio" {
  id            = "my-minio"
  description   = "Module for a minio bucket"
  resource_type = "minio"
  module_source = "git::https://github.com/platform-orchestrator/module-definition-library//minio?ref=preview"
  provider_mapping = {
    minio = "minio.default"
  }
  module_inputs = jsonencode({
    provider_region = "my-minio-bucket"
    bucket_prefix   = "bucket-$${context.res_id}-"
  })
  dependencies = {
    postgres = {
      type   = "postgres"
      class  = "classic"
      id     = "standard.common-postgres"
      params = {}
    }
  }
  coprovisioned = [
    {
      type                         = "custom-type"
      class                        = "classic"
      id                           = "standard.custom-resource"
      params                       = {}
      is_dependent_on_current      = false
      copy_dependents_from_current = false
    }
  ]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for a module
- `module_source` (String) The source of the OpenTofu module backing this module. Required. Must be set to 'inline' if module_source_code is set.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type that this module provisions. Changing this will force a recreation of the resource.

### Optional

- `coprovisioned` (Attributes List) A set of resources to provision after or in parallel with the resource of the current module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coprovisioned))
- `dependencies` (Attributes Map) A mapping of alias to resource dependencies that must be provisioned with this module (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `description` (String) An optional text description for this module
- `module_inputs` (String) The JSON encoded string which represents the inputs to the module. These may contain expressions referencing the modules context.
- `module_params` (Attributes Map) A mapping of module parameters available when provisioning using this module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--module_params))
- `module_source_code` (String) The source code of the OpenTofu module backing this module. Required, if module source is not defined.
- `provider_mapping` (Map of String) A mapping of module providers to use when provisioning using this module.

<a id="nestedatt--coprovisioned"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coprovisioned`

Required:

- `type` (String) The resource type to provision

Optional:

- `class` (String) A resource class requested by the resource graph. 'default' is the default value.
- `copy_dependents_from_current` (Boolean) If true, all resources that depend on the current resource will also depend on (be provisioned after) this coprovisioned resource.
- `id` (String) A specific resource id requested by the resource graph
- `is_dependent_on_current` (Boolean) If true, this coprovisioned resource will have a dependency on the current resource so that the current
resource must be successfully provisioned before the coprovisioned one is.
- `params` (String) A JSON encoded string representing the parameters to pass for provisioning.


<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Required:

- `type` (String) The resource type to provision

Optional:

- `class` (String) A resource class requested by the resource graph. 'default' is the default value.
- `id` (String) A specific resource id requested by the resource graph
- `params` (String) A JSON encoded string representing the parameters to pass for provisioning.


<a id="nestedatt--module_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `module_params`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the module parameter. string, number, bool, map, list, or any

Optional:

- `description` (String) An optional text description for this module parameter
- `is_optional` (Boolean) If true, this module parameter is optional

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import platform-orchestrator_module.minio "my-minio"
```
